>> Scott Moss: Who here writes tests for
their code?
[LAUGH] Nobody writes tests?
You know what?
I'm not a fan
of-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
I'm not a fan of writing tests for
like front end stuff.
Cuz it's so much stuff, but for
back end like I literally write test for
everything.
In fact I got to the point now where on
the back end I write all my tests first.
Which I know it's like who does that?
But I do.
I write all my tests first on
the back end.
Because it's so
easy to like think about on the back end.
Then I write my code and
it helps me figure out what to do.
So I love writing tests on
the back-end because it's so simple.
So what I wanted to talk about is
we've been looking at tests and
you've been fixing tests all day.
I just wanted to show you what was
actually happening in this testing setup,
so when you go out and do your own
testing setup, you'd know what's
actually happening because I had
to do a lot to get this to work.
One is I'm using Jest to write test.
Jest is basically a piggy back off of
Mocha which is basically a piggy back off
of Jasmine.
But Jest is definitely
the best one in my opinion.
Because it's very much like Jasmine.
And where it comes with every single thing
you need like an assertion library and
mocks but it's more modern and
not as bad as Jasmine.
It just does more stuff.
It has built-in checking of,
what do they call it.
I can't even think of the name of it.
Percentage checking, or
coverage, built-in coverage.
It's got built-in mocks.
All the way to mocking modules out
completely, it's got everything.
It's made by Facebook so
it's pretty well-backed.
So we're using Jest.
And then Jest by default runs all tests.
And when I say test I mean anything
that has a describe block,
a top level describe block.
It runs all of them in parallel,
at the same time.
That's how it runs it really fast.
But that creates issues.
One, when you log inside of a test,
sometimes you don't see those logs.
If you are ever logged in one of these
tests and you didn't see it pop up,
that's because it runs it in parallel and
it may or may not show up.
It runs them all in different
chopped processes at the same time.
It spawns them.
So there's a master process
from where you ran that
every described block is
ran in a child process.
So you're logging down here, but
you're looking right here, so
you might not see those logs.
Maybe, maybe not, and that's because
it runs into parallel by default.
You can run it in serially, but
it's passing a flag to prevent that, but
it helps, speeds it up.
But it introduces problems,
because we write tests stateless,
as part of our database.
So I had to introduce a script that
connects to a different database every
single time for every single describe
block, and then delete that database.
So if you go look at test-db.setup,
you'll see where I'm doing that, but
that's basically what's happening here,
is I'm connecting a database before
every single describe block.
That's happening in parallel and
then I completely delete that
database after it's done.
So for
every describe blocks you have that's
how many databases are being created.
That allows you to run in parallel
without having to have stateful tests
which is basically a test knowing about
a test before it, which is really bad.
You don't want to do that.
It's really hard to write tests like that.
>> Scott Moss: And then other thing
is everything in a __tests__ folder
that has a spec or a .test on it
will be tested by default by Jest.
So you don't have to do anything.
So that's all the stuff I
had to do to get it set up.
And there's obviously some options.
In the packets.JSON there'll
be pass suggest to help us
ignore certain files like the disk folder.
Point to that setup file
that I talked about and
make sure that we're running a node,
and that's about it.
Everything else is just boiler plate.
So I had to do all that to get set up.
Other than that, tests are pretty simple.
You don't really have to do anything else.